The data-flow and control flow relations for the given drone application code are as follows:

Data-Flow Relations:
1. The main function receives the command-line arguments argc and argv.
2. The argv[1] argument is passed as the connection URL to establish a connection with the drone.
3. The Mavsdk object is created to communicate with the drone.
4. The connection URL is added to the Mavsdk object to initiate the connection.
5. The get_system function is called to discover the system (autopilot) connected to the Mavsdk.
6. The discovered system is returned to the main function.
7. Telemetry and Gimbal objects are instantiated using the system.
8. The telemetry.set_rate_camera_attitude function is called to set the rate at which to receive camera/gimbal angle updates.
9. The telemetry.subscribe_camera_attitude_euler function is called to register a callback for camera/gimbal angle updates.
10. The control flow enters a loop to control the gimbal's behavior.
11. Various gimbal functions are called to control the gimbal's pitch and yaw.
12. The control flow reaches the end of the loop and the loop is repeated until all gimbal actions are completed.
13. The gimbal.release_control function is called to stop controlling the gimbal.
14. The control flow exits the loop and the program ends.

Control Flow Relations:
1. The main function starts execution.
2. The argc and argv arguments are checked for the correct number of arguments.
3. If the number of arguments is incorrect, the usage function is called to display the correct usage and the program exits.
4. The connection URL is added to the Mavsdk object using the mavsdk.add_any_connection function.
5. The connection result is checked, and if unsuccessful, an error message is displayed and the program exits.
6. The get_system function is called to discover the system (autopilot) connected to the Mavsdk.
7. If no system is discovered within 3 seconds, an error message is displayed and the program exits.
8. The system is obtained from the future and checked for validity.
9. Telemetry and Gimbal objects are instantiated using the system.
10. The telemetry.set_rate_camera_attitude function is called to set the rate at which to receive camera/gimbal angle updates.
11. The set_rate_result is checked for success, and if unsuccessful, an error message is displayed and the program exits.
12. The telemetry.subscribe_camera_attitude_euler function is called to register a callback for camera/gimbal angle updates.
13. The control flow enters a loop to control the gimbal's behavior.
14. Various gimbal functions are called to control the gimbal's pitch and yaw.
15. The control flow reaches the end of the loop and the loop is repeated until all gimbal actions are completed.
16. The gimbal.release_control function is called to stop controlling the gimbal.
17. The gimbal_result is checked for success, and if unsuccessful, an error message is displayed and the program exits.
18. The control flow exits the loop and the program ends.