Data Flow:

1. The main function is called with user-provided command line arguments.
2. The add_any_connection function of the Mavsdk class is called to establish a connection with the drone using the provided connection URL.
3. The get_system function is called to retrieve the system information of the connected drone.
4. The transponder plugin is instantiated with the retrieved system information.
5. The set_rate_transponder function of the transponder plugin is called to set the update rate for transponder data.
6. The subscribe_transponder function of the transponder plugin is called to set up a callback to monitor transponder activity.
7. The main thread sleeps for 60 seconds to allow time for transponder data to be received.
8. The program exits.

Control Flow:

1. The main function starts by checking if the correct number of command line arguments is provided. If not, it displays an error message and exits.
2. The Mavsdk class is instantiated.
3. The add_any_connection function of the Mavsdk class is called to establish a connection with the drone using the provided connection URL. The result is stored in the connection_result variable.
4. If the connection was not successful, an error message is displayed and the program exits.
5. If the connection was successful, the get_system function is called to retrieve the system information of the connected drone. The result is stored in the system variable.
6. If no system information was retrieved, the program exits.
7. The transponder plugin is instantiated with the retrieved system information.
8. The set_rate_transponder function of the transponder plugin is called to set the update rate for transponder data. The result is stored in the set_rate_result variable.
9. If the update rate setting was not successful, an error message is displayed and the program exits.
10. The subscribe_transponder function of the transponder plugin is called to set up a callback to monitor transponder activity.
11. The main thread sleeps for 60 seconds to allow time for transponder data to be received.
12. A message is displayed indicating that the program has finished.
13. The program exits.